README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Todo app

![Design preview for the Todo app coding challenge](./src/assets/design/desktop-preview.jpg)

## The challenge

The challenge is to build out [this todo app](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/todo-app-Su1_KokOW) and get it looking as close to the design as possible.

- Figma and Sketch files are provided
- There is also a `style-guide.md` file, which contains information such as color palette and fonts.

Users should be able to:

-   View the optimal layout for the app depending on their device's screen size
-   See hover states for all interactive elements on the page
-   Add new todos to the list
-   Mark todos as complete
-   Delete todos from the list
-   Filter by all/active/complete todos
-   Clear all completed todos
-   Toggle light and dark mode
-   **Bonus**: Drag and drop to reorder items on the list

## Features I added

-   Drag and drop to reorder items on the list
-   Local storage of todos

## Technologies I used

-   React with hooks including a custom hook for viewport width
-   styled-components
-   [react-beautiful-dnd library](https://github.com/atlassian/react-beautiful-dnd) for drag and drop
-   Adobe XD for the design files
-   [PerfectPixel](https://www.welldonecode.com/perfectpixel)

## Learning outcomes

My focus for this project was to:

1. Style a React app with styled-components for the first time.
2. Utilized local storage for the first time.
3. Implement color themes in a React app for the first time.

## My profile at Frontend Mentor

[En-Jen](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/En-Jen)

Commit message:

add live link & installation instructions to README.md

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Todo app

## Live link: https://fm-todo-app-phi.vercel.app/

![Design preview for the Todo app coding challenge](./src/assets/design/desktop-preview.jpg)

## The challenge

The challenge is to build out [this todo app](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/todo-app-Su1_KokOW) and get it looking as close to the design as possible.

- Figma and Sketch files are provided
- There is also a `style-guide.md` file, which contains information such as color palette and fonts.

Users should be able to:

-   View the optimal layout for the app depending on their device's screen size
-   See hover states for all interactive elements on the page
-   Add new todos to the list
-   Mark todos as complete
-   Delete todos from the list
-   Filter by all/active/complete todos
-   Clear all completed todos
-   Toggle light and dark mode
-   **Bonus**: Drag and drop to reorder items on the list

## Installation

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

In the project directory, you can run: `npm start` to run the app in development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

## Features I added

-   Drag and drop to reorder items on the list
-   Local storage of todos

## Technologies I used

-   React with hooks including a custom hook for viewport width
-   styled-components
-   [react-beautiful-dnd library](https://github.com/atlassian/react-beautiful-dnd) for drag and drop
-   Adobe XD for the design files
-   [PerfectPixel](https://www.welldonecode.com/perfectpixel)

## Learning outcomes

My focus for this project was to:

- One of the overarching lessons for me in developing this app was project structure as it is the most complex React app I've worked on.
- Style a React app with styled-components for the first time.
- Utilized local storage for the first time.
- Implement color themes in a React app for the first time.
- A few things I could improve that I wasn't able to address before submission:
    - The todo items flicker sometimes after dropping them in the drag and drop
    - Improve accessibility practices

## My profile at Frontend Mentor

[En-Jen](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/En-Jen)
